Add Key Permissioning (#263)
dragonchain/dragonchain: docs/usage/permissioning.md

# Permissioning

Dragonchain has a built-in permissioning system, allowing specific api keys to
be either allowed or denied for certain dragonchain actions via the Dragonchain
api.

> In order to use these permissions, policy documents are given to api keys which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use these permissions, policy documents are used to
```

determine which actions are allowed and forbidden.

## Setting Permissions

In order to set permissions, create or update an api key with a permissions
document (schema explained below).

By default, an api key with no explicitly set permissions will have access to
every endpoint, except create/update/delete api keys.

Keep in mind that the ability to create or update api keys is effectively a
root-level permission, because keys can be created or modified with elevated
permissions via those endpoints.

### Root API Key

The root api key (in the kubernetes secret when deploying the chain) will
always have permission to use any Dragonchain api endpoint (aside from

> endpoints for dragon net interchain actions, which are reserved for

Reviewer: In other docs, Interchain has been capitalized and a direct reference to the patent. We should try to keep that context.

dragonchain-to-dragonchain communication).

The root api key cannot be deleted.

## Permissions Document

The permissions document is how permissions are defined per api key.

> It is a JSON object containing the document version (currently only `"1"`), a

Reviewer: Should be same paragraph as above, or shouldn't start with `it`. Adds ambiguity.

This endpoint affects both the regular and bulk create transaction endpoints.
The custom endpoint permissions object for this permission allows an api key
to be allowed or denied permission to create a transaction based on the
transaction type of the transaction(s) that the api call is creating.

##### Schema

The schema for this custom endpoint permission object has the boolean
`"allowed"`, which similar to all other schemas, simply indicates if this
endpoint is enabled or disabled by default.

Additionally, there is the `"transaction_types"` object which defines which
transactions types are allowed (or denied), regardless of all other
permissions (including `"allowed"`).

The `"transaction_types"` object is a simple map of strings to booleans where
the string key is the name of the transaction type, and the boolean is whether
or not to allow the creation of a transaction with that type.

The following example allows all transactions to be created, _except_ for
transactions with the transaction type `honey`. Note that the `"butter": true`
is technically redundant since it implicitly already has permissions to create
any other transaction due to the `"allowed": true`

```json

> {

Author: done

  "allowed": true,
  "transaction_types": {
    "honey": false,
    "butter": true
  }
}
```

The following example allows _only_ transactions with the type `banana` to be
created.

```json
{
  "allowed": false,
  "transaction_types": {
    "banana": true
  }
}
```

If `"allowed"` is not defined, then its value is derived from its parent, which
is whether or not it is allowed to perform a `create` action on the
`transaction` group.

### Examples

The following are some examples of a full permissions document object,
explaining what the permissions document is allowing/denying.

---

This is a permissions document which allows all endpoints by default, but
globally disables any `delete` abilities, while explicitly allowing `delete` on

> interchain actions, and explicitly denying creating an interchain transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interchain interface resources and denying creating an Interchain transaction.
```

Additionally, because `"default_allow": true` was set, it also ensures that
creating or updating api keys is not allowed (as to avoid privilege escalation)

Note that the `"allow_delete": false` in the `api_keys` group is technically
redundant, because deletions were already denied at the global level.
Regardless, this is still a valid schema.

```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "default_allow": true,
  "permissions": {
    "allow_delete": false,
    "interchains": {
      "allow_delete": true,
      "create_interchain_transaction": {
        "allowed": false
      }
    },
    "api_keys": {
      "allow_create": false,
      "allow_update": false,

>       "allow_delete": false

Author: good idea, added a section on privilege escalation
